( date )The specific date and time for the admission test would be provided in the admit card.
( structure )The fee structure is as follows : ADMISSION FEE of Rs.20,000 is payable once at the time of admission. A REFUNDABLE security deposit is also payable at the time of admission. The TUTION FEES is calculated according to the credit hours in each course and is subject to revision every year. The credit hour fee for the BS/BBA Programs in Karachi campus is Rs.7,500.
( courses )There are a total of 24 courses in the BSCS program covering all required skills for the Bachelors degree
( criteria )The eligibility criteria for BS/BBA Programs is 60% in SSC/O'Levels and 50% in HSSC/A'Levels
( loan )We offer two types of loan, Bank loans and Study loans. Different banks offer different types of loans. FAST arranges financial assistance in the form of interest free study loans. This is based on the students academic performance and is limited to tution fee only. If the student's CGPA falls below the specified then it is discontinued. Application for loans can be done via the loan form present on our campus website
( programs )The offered programs are as follows : BS[Accounting & Finance, Artificial Intelligence, Civil/Electrical/Software engineering, Computer Science, Cyber Security] & BBA
( apply )You can apply for admission through our online form available on our website. You will revieve a unique ARN(Application Reference Number) after applying which you have to save for later use. The applicant will deposit the Application Fees in a designated bank. Upon payment of fees, the applicant will print his/her ADMIT CARD bearing the applicant's TEST ROLL NUMBER. Applicant will visit the campus on the specified date and time mentioned on the card
( scholarship )Merit scholarships are awarded to the top three position holders of each examination board in each group. Scholarship is also offered to the top three position holders in the NU merit list. The scholarship is for 4 years with full course load and is equal to the full tuition fee. Continuation of merit scholarships subject to mantaining semester GPA of 3.0 or higher.